
      
        
        
           CONSTRUCTION ENGINEER/TURNOVER COORDINATOR
        
        
        
      
      
      
      
        
        Summary
      
        
        Dynamic and energetic project leader with proven ability and skills to tackle the most complex projects and issues. Consistently involved in all facets of the building process, equipped with a broad understanding in: planning, design and construction. Flexible team player who works with other departments to address all project needs and requirements. Great communicator who builds lasting relationships by understanding client needs, solving problems and negotiating prices without sacrificing margin.  
      
      
      
        
        Highlights
      
        
        
          
            
              Construction Management  Project ManagementCivil EngineeringContract NegotiationStructural Engineering Project ControlsCost controlArchitectural DesignContracts
              Project EngineeringProject CoordinationSafety ConsciousProject PlanningProject EstimatingConstruction EngineeringProposalsSchedulingProcurement
            
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Experience
      
        
        
          
            Construction Engineer/Turnover Coordinator
            
              September 2011 to 
              Current
            
          
          
            Foster Wheeler USA Corporation  － 
            Dallas, 
            TX
          
          
            As construction engineer I am responsible for all aspects of field engineering assignments including the complete planning, scheduling, and subcontractor review of performance to assure contract compliance, the application of accepted construction technology and the acceptable standardization of materials and supplies. Further, I assist in completing all technical documentation to ensure quality and compliance to the contract and applicable codes. All completed work must meet industry standards and be in accordance with the customers' specifications. This should all be done at or below budget, on time and within company safety objectives.  As a turnover coordinator my role is to be the focal point of the project in all matters related to the testing of all pipe. As piping packages come to construction completion they are reviewed by the turnover coordinator for final release to pipe testing subcontractor. It is the responsibility of the turnover coordinator to see that all essential parts of the package are in place and that the most efficient process will be taken when testing all lines included in the packages. All engineering aspects, constructibility, compliance with contract and specifications and safety precautions are taken into account when reviewing these packages.   Lead construction engineer for largest piping contract. This contract was valued at $30 million dollars in addition to overages caused by design errors or field changes made by client. Turnover coordinator for pipe testing contract, which was valued at $26 million dollars in addition to overages caused by added scopes, field changes made by client or engineering errors. Approximately 1,500 piping packages had to be hydrotested, services tested or visually walked down before they could be turned over to client. A high level of precaution was taken when hydrotesting these packages as many had to be tested at high pressures. Pressures ranged from 90 psig to 9,000 psig. WRMP (Whiting Refiner Modernization Project) Foster Wheeler was the EPC (engineer, procurement and construction manager) for the project. The 6 drum Coker project is estimated to cost at about $1.2 billion dollars. This is the largest Coker in the United States and will be the first fully automated Coker unit in the world. British Petroleum is the owner of this project. This Coker unit was designed and built using modular construction. The modules which were constructed in the Philippines included all structural steel and as much piping as possible. High capacity cranes were used to set these modules. It was essential to have no errors during this process as   Project such as these have to be built with very small tolerances. Addressed many complex structural issues that arose during the construction process. Other disciplines explored during project include: civil engineer, stress analysis of pipe and some electrical.  Lead a study of all insulated pipe in the unit. 130,000 linear feet of lines had to be considered in this study.A zero harm culture was a big part of this projects success and a big part of Foster Wheeler's safety culture. As a project leader I believe that in any project it is everyone's duty to keep a safe working environment.  Safety should be upheld to the highest standard in all projects at all time. 
          
        
      
        
        
          
            Project Engineer
            
          
          
            Steel Truss and Frame Fabricators  － 
            Lubbock , 
            TX
          
          
            During my time at Steel Truss and Frame Fabricators I had the opportunity to put into play all my areas of expertise. I was able to use my architecture knowledge to design new buildings and produce construction documents for permitting and construction. My structural engineering knowledge was the most suitable while with the company, as most of my time was spent designing light gauge metal frames and trusses. I was also involved with preparing detailed estimates, proposal and contract writing and the construction management of multiple projects.     I was instrumental in aiding the expansion of Steel Truss and Frame Fabricators into the commercial market. By doing so, it increased the company's market base doubling productions and sales. I was heavily involved with Lubbock Christian University new field house dormitories, which were designed using shipping containers. Steel Truss and Frame Fabricator supplied all roof trusses, and all needs for interior and exterior steel framing.    Collaboration with licensed architects and engineers was necessary for certain projects, due to building code requirements. Strong coordinating and interpersonal skills were essential for success with these types of projects. Throughout my time with the company I was able to learn highly sophisticated and advanced design practices developed by Nucor Steel Inc.  This learning coupled with my structural knowledge base gave me the ability to deliver the most sound and cost efficient structures. Software such as Intellibuild, which was used to design and optimize trusses and FramePlus for wall framing design, was used on a daily basis. In order to be a successful designer of these systems it was necessary to familiarize myself with the machinery which was used to manufacture the wall truss systems.   Familiarity with IBC (International Building Codes) and Load and Resistant Factored Design (LRFD) were essential for this position.Directed four – four men crews in manufacturing the company's products.        
          
        
      
        
        
          
            Estimator/Project Engineer/Project Manager
            
              May 2010 to 
              September 2011
            
          
          
            Hayward Baker  － 
            Dallas, 
            TX
          
          
            Craig Olden Inc. is a design-build earth retention specialist which has established itself as one of the leading contractors of its kind in the state of Texas. When joining the company my main responsibility was as an estimator. As I became more familiar with the line of work I was able to expand into design and managed the construction of multiple projects.     As an estimator, I was responsible for scouting out prospective projects; once these projects were identified the following had to take place for success in the bidding process: site visits, coordination with clients, geotechnical research, land surveys, evaluation of surrounding environment, special needs, suppliers and collaboration with engineering and senior staff.  As I ventured out into project management I was able to understand the construction process of the company's systems more in depth. This position required a high level of coordination ability as involvement with procurement, field superintended, general contractor, other subcontractors and engineering was done on a daily basis.  As a designer of these systems it was necessary to understand their engineering characteristic and theory of how they functioned. Understanding the types of soils and their characteristics was also necessary in order to apply the proper systems.    Writing detailed proposals and contracts were part of my responsibility as an estimator. These legal binding documents were given a high level of attention and were reviewed by the President for final approval.   The cross training I received at Craig Olden Inc. was a big part of my success with the company. I had the satisfaction of not only designing and selling projects, but that of managing the construction of some of them. Due to this cross training I was able to understand all phases of project therefore making for optimal profit margins.Detailed estimates included material, manpower, equipment and other miscellaneous costs. Being detailed oriented, strong negotiating and interpersonal skills were essential for success in this position.  I benefited a great deal as an estimator in having the construction and design understating that I did.    As a PM I was responsible for ordering all material necessary for the project. Manpower and equipment needs were also my responsibility.In my time with Craig Olden Inc. I was successful in bringing in multiple multi-million dollar projects and had the opportunity to be part of some very high profile project in the DFW area.Types of earth retention systems: soil nails, cantilever soldier piles, anchored soldier piles, anchored gabion walls, gravity gabion walls and others.As a PM it was my duty to prepare detailed progress reports and budget analysis on a weekly basis these were then presented during the project manager's weekly meetings. These meetings were attended by the president of the company and the operations director. High level of organizational and coordination skills were essential for this position.      
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Education
      
        
        
          
          
          
          
            B.Sc. Civil Engineering with Emphasis in Structural Design, Texas Tech University, Lubbock, Texas B.Sc. Construction Management, Texas Tech University, Lubbock, Texas B.Sc. Architecture, Texas Tech University, Lubbock, Texas Minor: Mathematics and Statistics 
          
        
      
        
        
          
            PMP (Project Management Professional) Certification- In Progress 
OSHA Certified - 10Hr
            
            
            
          
          
          
          
            
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Technical Skills
      
        
        AutoCAD, Revit (Architectural/Structural), Estimating Extended, P6, Project Scheduling,  Access,  Excel,  Word,  Adobe Photoshop,  Risa,  Sketch Up,   MathCAD, Smart Plant Review   Technically savvy and a quick to learn different software 
      
      
      
        
        Skills
      
        
        Fluent in English and Spanish,  Strong Team Player,  Detail Oriented,  Strong Technical Skills,  Strong Communication Skills,  On Track to Become a Licensed Engineer,  BIM (Building Information Modeling),  Self Motivated,  Self Starter,  Quick to Learn,  Flexible and Capable of Working to Deadlines  
      
      
    