
      
        
        
          
          MANUFACTURING PROJECT ENGINEER
        
      
      
      
      
        
        Profile
      
        
        Manufacturing Project Engineer with over four years of experience. Innovative, collaborative and motivated, with proven skills in manufacturing, QA and CAD design. Experience with start-ups and problem-solving. Well-versed in imperial and metric systems. Fluent in English/Spanish.  Committed to continuous improvement and growth.
      
      
      
        
        Skills
      
        
        
          
            
              Project and Material ManagementProcess Engineering & QA ManagementTrained in Six Sigma and Lean Manufacturing techniquesFamiliar with ISO 9001
              Effective communication and focusCritical thinkerTeam builder and calm in stressful work environmentsAvailability to travel
            
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Professional Experience
      
        
        
          
            Manufacturing Project Engineer
            
              Dec 2012 to 
              Jan 2016
            
          
          
            SIC Lazaro US Inc - 
            Milwaukee, 
            Wisconsin
          
          Managed CAD/CAM Drawings, CNC programs, BOMs, ECRs, PPAPs, RFQs. Stabilized new US branch operations resulting in increased monthly sales from $70,000 to over $1,000,000.Determined and Implemented the Weld Inspection Process, reducing rework by over 50% over the course of 6 months.Derived and led the implementation to our Counterweight Cataloging System and Final QA process—reducing the cycle time of preparing and loading trucks by over 33%.Developed flow process documentation and support installation of ERP database management system.
        
      
        
        
          
            Manufacturing Assistant Engineer
            
              Mar 2012 to 
              Dec 2012
            
          
          
            SIC Lazaro US Inc - 
            Milwaukee, 
            Wisconsin
          
          Developed prototypes and first series of production in the new facility in US.Designed multiple fixtures, simultaneously reducing rework and cycle time in multiple manufacturing cells.
        
      
        
        
          
            Manufacturing Assistant Engineer
            
              Sep 2011 to 
              Mar 2012
            
          
          
            KYB Europe Headquarters GMBH - 
            Ororbia , 
            Navarre, Spain
          
          Collaborated with engineers and project managers regarding design parameters for the process of relocating two production lines. 
        
      
      
      
        
        Education and Training
      
        
        
          
            Final Year Project, 
            Industrial Engineering
            
              2011
            
          
          
            Erasmushogeschool Brussel (Ehb) - 
            Brussels, 
            
            Belgium
          
          
          Thesis Title: “Design and Implementation of silicon board circuits for the rotational speed control of AC electro motors.”
        
      
        
        
          
            M.S, 
            Industrial Engineering
            
              2011
            
          
          
            Public University of Navarre (UPNA) - 
            Pamplona, 
            Navarre, 
            Spain
          
          
          
        
      
        
        
          
            B.S, 
            Electrical Engineering
            
              2008
            
          
          
            Public University of Navarre (UPNA) - 
            Pamplona, 
            Navarre, 
            Spain
          
          
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Technical Skills
      
        
        Proficient using: SolidWorks and Microsoft OfficeOracle JD Edwards, Business Intelligence.VBA, LANTEK, CATIA, AUTOCAD, MATLABKnowledge in AWS D1.1 structural welding code
      
      
    