
      
        
        
           CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE
        
        
      
      
      
      
        
        Summary
      
        
        Qualified and tenacious professional armed with broad-based background and skills in the areas of customer service, technical support, computer hardware & software, troubleshooting and strategy implementation. Displays outstanding ability to plan, coordinate, and implement practices and procedures to bring significant improvements in customer service and technical support processes towards the successful attainment of goals. Determined to implement earned skills and knowledge for rapid growth and development. EXPERTISE AND QUALIFICATIONS Proven customer support experience. Customer orientation and ability to adapt/respond to different types of characters. Identifying and assessing customers' needs to achieve satisfaction. Building sustainable relationships and trust with customer accounts through open and interactive communication. Researching and identifying solutions to software and hardware issues. Diagnosing and troubleshooting technical issues, including account setup and network configuration. Asking customers targeted questions to quickly understand the root of the problem. Tracking computer system issues through to resolution, within agreed time limits Talking clients through a series of actions, either via phone, email or chat, until they've solved a technical issue. Providing accurate, valid and complete information by using the right methods/tools. Meeting personal/customer service team targets. Handling customer complaints, providing appropriate solutions and alternatives within the time limits; following up to ensure resolution. Keeping records of customer interactions, processing customer accounts and filing documents. Following communication procedures, guidelines and policies. Taking the extra mile to engage customers. 
      
      
      
        
        Skills
      
        
        
          
            
              Microsoft Office Suite (PowerPoint, Excel, Word, and One noteProcess ImprovementCustomer ServiceQuality AssuranceConflict ResolutionTechnical SupportTeam BuildingLeadership SkillsProblem SolvingCommunication SkillsClient RelationshipTeam ManagementInformation Gathering    
              
            
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Experience
      
        
        
          
            Social Security Administration
          
          
            Auburn, 
            WA
          
          
            Customer Service Representative
            
              01/2010 to 
              01/2017
            
          
          
            Interview beneficiaries and inquirers over the telephone to determine nature of their concern and provide technical provisions and advise of appeal rights when applicable.Investigate case situations and reconcile discrepancies which cause interruption of benefits.Answer Medicare billing inquiries by verifying monthly premiums and quarterly calculations.Identify over payments and prepare letters to explain over payment, repayment options, and appeal/waiver rights.Process over payment waiver requests by determining cause and beneficiary's ability to repay.Assisted caller with account set up, log in, and  password issues on My SSA website.
          
        
      
        
        
          
            Applied Materials
          
          
            Sunnyvale, 
            CA
          
          
            Technical Support Engineer
            
              01/2006 to 
              01/2009
            
          
          
            Hardware expert for plasma etch semiconductor equipment at various field sites national and international.Resolved complex issues by investigating, testing, and documenting solutions to provide timely technical resolution to customer and account team.Prepared and presented financial analysis on retrofits, warranty costs, and parts lifetime to internal business management and external customer.Coordinated parts failure analysis investigation with supplier in order to find root cause of failure.
          
        
      
        
        
          
            HDP CVD
          
          
            Santa Clara, 
            CA
          
          
            Technical Support Engineer
            
              01/2000 to 
              01/2005
            
          
          
            Responsible for installation and troubleshooting HDP CVD semiconductor production equipment and improving performance through permanent corrective action implementation.Trained local account teams throughout the United States and Asia in the utilization of spare parts tracking programs.Developed and reported financial analysis on retrofits, contract costs, and parts lifetime.Reduced overall Semiconductor equipment installation times by 30%.
          
        
      
        
        
          
            Intel
          
          
            Santa Clara, 
            CA
          
          
            Manufacturing Technician
            
          
          
            Performed quality testing of AMAT 200 mm PVD equipment related to process, and production of memory chips and logic gates.Responsible for improvement processes, troubleshooting nonstandard events in the production line, and reviewing technological health and stability.Collected and evaluated operating data to conduct on-line equipment adjustment and communicated process optimization to engineering team.
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Education and Training
      
        
        
          
            Bachelor of Science:
            Technical Management Operations Management
            
              June 2010
            
          
          
            DeVry University, 
            Fremont, 
            CA
            
          
          
          
            Technical Management Operations Management
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Skills
      
        
        business management, equipment installation, failure analysis, financial analysis, Process Improvement, Staff Development, Technical Support
      
      
    