
 engineering manager, quality assurance
 summary
 results-oriented qa engineering manager experienced with all stages of the development cycle and focused on quality testing of various internet-based applications.
 java, selenium, agile, jira, zephyr, quality center, strong decision, maker, excellent communicator, microsoft excel, eclipse & intellij ide, moba xterm, microsoft teams, confluence wiki, oracle, complex problem solver, excellent multitasking 
 experience
 engineering manager, quality assurance
 aug 2016 to current
 american well － boston, ma
 oversee 10 direct reports across 6 teams to ensure project test plans are executed properly, happy path automation is complete and product releases happen by or before deadlines. implemented and enforce qa engineer process for entire department when moving from waterfall methodologies to agile methodologies.implemented and enforce qa training guide for entire department new hires.monitor and report on automation progress each sprint.schedule and oversee sprint capacity and test case reviews each sprint.
 quality assurance engineer
 dec 2010 to aug 2016
 american well － boston, ma
 design test cycles and test cases, based off wireframes and visual design elements and work with visd, product management and developers to ensure the software is working as designedmanually test the software in ui, ios applications, android applications, database, as well as test integration of other software into our product.automate happy path test scripts in java using selenium
 biopsychology research assistant
 jan 2009 to dec 2009
 harvard medical school and va boston healthcare system － brockton, ma
 analyzed eegs, emgs, and eogs. implanted cannulas for administration of solutions, and performed perfusions. conducted psychomotor vigilance tasks and activity wheel tasks. performed brain slicing, staining and slide preparation.
 education and training
 bachelor of science, neuroscience
 may 2010
 stonehill college － easton, ma
 neuroscience, biology, chemistry and physics courses
 2015
 treehouse online training courses
 java programming courses 2017
 tulip management － boston, ma, 02109
 performance management development programfeedback & accountability development program​
 publications
 christie, micheal,
robert mccarley, and robert strecker. "twenty-four hours, or five days, of
continuous sleep deprivation or experimental sleep fragmentation do not alter
thirst or motivation for water reward in rats." behavioral brain research.
print.
 