
      
        
        
           QUALITY ASSURANCE TECHNICIAN
        
      
      
      
      
        
        Profile
      
        
        Experienced Quality Assurance Engineer with experience in automation scripting using testing tools. Create, implement, and maintain changes to test cases, test procedures and instructions, and produce evaluation processes. Work with developers and project managers in defining and designing performance test tools and infrastructures. Experienced in JIRA Test Planning, execution, tracking tool. Experienced in general-purpose programming language including Java, and with a Unix/Linux environment. Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills. Perform system builds and maintenance. Proficient with various bug tracking and test case management systems. 
      
      
      
        
        Core Qualifications
      
        
        
          
            
              Excellent Problem Solving SkillsSystem Issue ResolutionManual / Automated Performance TestingStrong Collaborative SkillsUNIX/Linux/WindowsMobile Quality AssuranceBug Tracking Systems
              Custom ScriptsTest Planning and ExecutionAutomation CodeRegression TestingAutomation Testing ToolsProcess Improvement InitiativesProof of Concept
            
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Professional Experience
      
        
        
          
            Quality Assurance Technician
            
              08/2012 to 
              Current
            
          
          
            Grass Valley, (a Belden Brand)
            
              Hillsboro, 
              OR
            
          
          
            Quality Assurance engineer for a family of brands consisting of a comprehensive portfolio of cable, connectivity and networking products for the transmission of signals for data, sound and video applications. Ensure quality products that enable the company to offer end-to-end signal transmission solutions that meet the most demanding standards for data, sound, and video applications.Performed quality assurance on Grass Valley's Broadcast Video Servers and various software suites. Executed test cases via automated and manual testing methodologies. Logged bugs when found using the JIRA bug tracking system.Executed and created test cases via TestRail based on User Stories and Requirements.Performed system imaging using Acronis disk imaging software.
          
        
      
        
        
          
            Quality Assurance Engineer / Lab System Administrator
            
              03/2006 to 
              04/2012
            
          
          
            Motorola Mobility
            
              Beaverton, 
              OR
            
          
          
            Performed quality assurance on Motorola branded IP video encoders.Analyzed raw video using various video quality software analyzers per documented specification.Logged bugs using various bug tracking management systems (Bugzilla)Provided Wiki content and maintaining quality assurance's web servers.Maintained Quality Assurance's Cisco switches, IP set-top boxes, satellite dishes, receivers, and transcoders.
          
        
      
        
        
          
            Quality Assurance Engineer / Migration Content Developer
            
              01/2001 to 
              02/2006
            
          
          
            Tranxition Corporation
            
              Beaverton, 
              OR
            
          
          
            Developed content to be used in Tranxition's migration engine.Member of Tranxition's 24/7 product support team.Performed quality assurance on Tranxition's migration software validating enhancements and regression testing.Located bugs using automated and manual testing methods.Wrote applets for automation testing.Wrote customized DOS batch files for advanced migration testing.
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Education
      
        
        
          
            Bachelor of Science degree: 
            Information Technology
            
          
          
            The University of Phoenix
            
          
          
          
            
          
        
      
        
        
          
            Associate of Arts: 
            Information Technology
            
          
          
            Axia College of the University of Phoenix
            
          
          
          
            
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Technical Skills
      
        
        UNIX, Linux, Windows, Bash Shell Scripting, Microsoft PowerShell, Batch Files, Applets, Automation, Broadcast Video, Content, DOS, Disk Imaging, Migration, Servers, Scripts, Stories, Video Servers, Web Servers, VMware, Virtual Machines, Video Editing Software, Final Cut Pro 7.x, Adobe Premiere CC (2015.3), Grass Valley Edius, Video Test Equipment, Tektronix WFM 8300,  Tektronix TG700, Apantac multi-viewers. Remote Desktop Manager, VNC, Microsoft Remote Desktop.
      
      
    