
      
        
        
           SENIOR SUPPORT SPECIALIST
        
      
      
      
      
        
        Summary
      
        
        Accomplished, results-oriented professional with over 4 years of leadership and management experience in the military. Highly skilled in troubleshooting hardware and software application issues. Experienced in Java and C++, with knowledge in SQL, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. 
      
      
      
        
        Highlights
      
        
        
          
            
              Team playerExcellent communication skillsCustomer and goal orientedExceptional problem solving skills
              Experienced in HL7 standardsInterface implementation, and troubleshootingProficient in Linux command Line
            
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Accomplishments
      
        
        Promoted to Senior Support Specialist after 10 months of employment.Awarded Navy and Marines Corps Achievement Medal (Nov 2014) for outstanding performance while serving as day shift supervisor and Quality Assurance Inspector at VFA 137. Earned Aviation Maintenance award (2013/2014) - Best overall maintainer.
      
      
      
        
        Experience
      
        
        
          01/2016
           to 
          Current
        
        
          
            Senior Support Specialist
          
          
            Modernizing Medicine － 
            Weston, 
            FL
          
          
            Supports clients by resolving complex application specific issues in a timely manner. Possess excellent communication, technical skills, and empathy are key to understanding, resolving and/or escalating product issues and enhancements. Become a trusted mentor to other tiers and a valued partner to our clients, providing the technical expertise that allows them to maximize the investment they've made in choosing gMed's software.  Respond to and resolve tickets in a timely manner. Provide hardware and software support/troubleshooting.Analyze and troubleshoot computer peripherals, general network and application level issues. Act as a point of escalation for 2nd Tier for resolution of complex application-specific issues. Ensure timely and professional communications with clients. Develop and review documentation that includes but is not limited to product Installation guides, use cases, business requirements, technical requirements, and programming specifications. Mentor front line support members and share information to help improve overall knowledge amongst the team.
          
        
      
        
        
          03/2015
           to 
          01/2016
        
        
          
            Associate Support Specialist
          
          
            Modernizing Medicine － 
            Weston, 
            FL
          
          
            Deliver an exceptional client experience by identifying and documenting client needs and issues; answering incoming inquiries, effectively applying problem-solving techniques, educating clients and following issues through to their successful resolution.Provide consistent, professional and high-quality client support, every day, all the time, no matter what.Establish procedures to ensure client satisfaction and quality service delivery.Communicate and collaborate across teams and departments to help solve issues.Replicate and document issues for further escalation.
          
        
      
        
        
          03/2011
           to 
          01/2015
        
        
          
            Aviation Electrician
          
          
            US NAVY － 
            NAS Lemoore, 
            CA
          
          
            Supervisor for a work center with 4 workers, demonstrating proper accountability for personnel, tools, and support equipment.Performed Quality Assurance inspections on electrical components on 12 aircraft.Demonstrated proper documentation of maintenance and other inspections on 12 aircraft.Performed testing, installation, and maintenance to a wide range of aircraft instruments and electrical equipment including generators, motors, and lighting systems.Read electrical system diagrams.Performed electrical troubleshooting operations by starting and operating aircraft in ground safely mode.
          
        
      
        
        
          05/2017
           to 
          08/2017
        
        
          
            Software Developer Intern
          
          
            Modernizing Medicine － 
            Boca Raton, 
            FL
          
          
            
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Skills
      
        
        Fast learnerGitHub experienceMS SQL experienceBilingual (English and Spanish)
      
      
      
        
        Education
      
        
        
          2018
        
        
          
            Bachelor of Science: 
            COMPUTER INFORMATION SYSTEMS
          
          
            Nova Southeastern University
             － 
            Davie, 
            FL, 
            US
          
          
          
            
          
        
      
      
    