
      
        
        
          
          STATIONARY ENGINEER
        
      
      
      
      
        
        Summary
      
        
        Dedicated and skilled Engineer offering over 13 years of experience within the HVAC and Building trades. Dynamic leader
capable of managing teams and providing training to ensure optimal work products, timely delivery and continued customer
satisfaction. Self-motivated professional recognized as a team player, insightful problem solver and capable strategic planner.
      
      
      
        
        Highlights
      
        
        
          
            
              IUOE Local 39 Training, UA Local 342 Training, 13+ years Experience
              MS Office, Angus Anywhere, Net Facilities
            
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Experience
      
        
        
          
            Stationary Engineer
            
              Jun 2016 to 
              Current
            
          
          
            Sunset Development Co － 
            San Ramon, 
            CA
          
          Play a key role on an Engineering team covering 30 buildings, over 10MM square feet of Class 1A office space.Perform mechanical maintenance and repair on HVAC equipment ranging form pumps, boilers, chillers and cooling towers.Carry out routine maintenance on all building equipment and operate heavy machinery.Manage workloads and execute jobs in a timely manner.Assist in the training of apprentices and utility Engineers.Implement different strategies to help with productivity and efficiency.Oversee work performed by outside contractors.
        
      
        
        
          
            Lead Stationary Engineer
            
              Oct 2010 to 
              Jun 2016
            
          
          
            Able Engineering － 
            San Francisco, 
            CA
          
          Serve as acting Chief Engineer to five Class 1A mid-rise buildings totaling over 550K square feet.  Serve as the lead engineer for two Class 1A office buildings comprised of 130K square feet.Supervising teams and acting as the crew manager during managerial absences.Manage building master key systems.Perform maintenance and repair on BMS, Delta and Andover Controls.Oversee lighting control and door access control systems.Perform mechanical maintenance and repair on equipment ranging form pumps, boilers, cooling towers and box car units.Carry out routine maintenance on all building equipment and operate heavy machinery.Manage workloads and execute jobs in a timely manner.Play a key role on the engineering crew covering over 1.5MM square feet of Class 1A mixed space, including offices, a school campus, retail stores and restaurants.Train apprentices and new crew members in mechanical, locksmithing and direct digital control. Oversee work performed by outside contractors and attend construction meetings.    
        
      
        
        
          
            Service Technician
            
              Jul 2004 to 
              Oct 2010
            
          
          
            Carrier Corporation － 
            Concord, 
            CA
          
          Respond to service calls and perform various types of repairs on units ranging from water source heat pumps, pneumatic systems, small package units to large boxcars.Install rooftop equipment and split systems.Maintained equipment, providing service recommendations and quotes.Independently managed workloads and scheduled repairs in a timely manner.
        
      
      
      
        
        Education
      
        
        
          
          
          
          IUOE 39 Journeyman Level courses. In-depth training in Chief Supervision, Locksmithing, Fire Life Safety, U.A. Local 342 Apprenticeship Program. In-depth electrical and troubleshooting courses as related to HVAC, Controls and Mechanical Systems.
        
      
      
      
        
        Certifications
      
        
        Chief Supervision, HVAC          Mechanical Systems, Locksmithing, Building Controls, Building Maintenance,          Electrical, Troubleshooting, Fire Life Safety
      
      
      
        
        Skills
      
        
        Team Leadership, Customer Service, HVAC, Controls, Boilers, Lighting, MS Office, Safety, Problem Solving
      
      
    