
      
        
        
          
          PLANT MANAGER
        
      
      
      
      
        
        Summary
      
        
        Dependable, highly driven manager with a strong general management background, and a track record for providing strategic direction leading to positive results. A proven leader in both logistics coordination and purchasing. Organized and proactive with strong communication and planning abilities. Dependable leadership and team building skills that drive marketplace results. 
      
      
      
        
        Highlights
      
        
        
          
            
              Logistics coordination Team leadership Decision-making ability Procurement experience
              Distribution experienceStaff developmentRate negotiations Ground transportation
            
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Accomplishments
      
        
        Organized and implemented a new procurement process following the transition to a new ERP system.Managed and oversaw the expansion of a transportation group that increased profitability.Restructured driver pay scale to better manage costs in 2014 -15.Spearheaded the addition of a new warehousing facility to reduce delivery times to customers in the field.Built relationships with vendors directly to minimize cost and guarantee product availability.
      
      
      
        
        Experience
      
        
        
          
            Plant Manager
            
              Nov 2016 to 
              Current
            
          
          
            Solnexus Chemical － 
            Midland, 
            Texas
          
          Direct all plant operations associated with blending chemicals, and packaging products per customers specifications.  Hire and develop a cohesive team of 30 individuals including a strong management team to handle the increase in product demand.Work closely with laboratory personnel to ensure all products delivered to customers meet set specifications.    Oversee scheduling for day-to-day blends based on production needs determined by incoming orders and future forecasting.
        
      
        
        
          
            Distribution Manager
            
              Jul 2013 to 
              Mar 2016
            
          
          
            AES Drilling Fluids, LLC － 
            Midland / Houston, 
            TX
          
          Planned, monitored, and managed product purchasing for West Texas drilling activities.Hired personnel and fully developed a new procurement team leading to lower COGS. Negotiated pricing, terms and conditions of sale, warranties, and conditions of contracts for goods and services.Managed team responsible for all warehousing operations in West Texas.Led logistics team driving a better response time to the field while reducing costs.​​
        
      
        
        
          
            Operations Coordinator
            
              Jul 2010 to 
              Jul 2013
            
          
          
            Venture Mud, LP － 
            Midland, 
            TX
          
          Doubled trucking operations and profitability contributing to quicker response time in the field.Completed Apportioned tag Registration for all trucks in TXIRP system.Prepared Heavy Highway Vehicle Use (2290) tax return.Filed quarterly IFTA fuel tax reports.Developed relationships with new vendors for purchasing needs. Recruited and interviewed solid candidates for dispatching and driver positions. Oversaw warehouse growth operations in organizing and developing expansion projects.Further developed Health and Safety process.Updated ISnetworld as a part of the Health and Safety process.
        
      
        
        
          
            Drilling Fluids Engineer / Accounting
            
              Aug 2007 to 
              Jul 2010
            
          
          
            Venture Mud, LP － 
            Midland, 
            Texas
          
          Provided daily leadership and instruction to drilling rig personnel regarding drilling fluids.Tested drilling fluids, prescribing daily treatments maintaining weight and chemistry properties within recommended limitsWorked closely with the drilling fluid supervisor to disseminate information regarding drilling fluids and expected treatments during drilling intervals. Invoiced customers as a part of the AP function.Worked closely with operators to resolve invoice related issues.Maintained and updated price scheduled from vendors to provide information to management for future bidding.
        
      
      
      
        
        Education
      
        
        
          
            BBA, 
            Management
            
          
          
            University of Texas of the Permian Basin － 
            Odessa, 
            TX
            
          
          
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Skills
      
        
        Microsoft Office: Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access, OutlookERP - Peachtree, Microsoft Dynamics AX, ChempaxDrilling Fluids Software - Mud Man ProPDF Viewer - AdobeCustomer Service, Computer Proficient, Multi-Task Management, Health & Safety experience, Oil & Gas Background, Drilling Fluids, Procurement, Supply Chain Management, Logistics management, Semiconductor Industry Background, Distribution management, Plant Management
      
      
    