
      
        
        
           CHIEF ENGINEER
        
      
      
      
      
        
        Summary
      
        
        Mechanical Design Engineer experienced in the planning, design, testing and validation. Qualifications including Graduate certifications in Automotive , expertise in SolidWorks, Altair-Hyperworks, Adams and comprehensive knowledge of Lean Manufacturing and Kaizen principles.
      
      
      
        
        Education
      
        
        
          
            
              2018
            
            Master of Science:
            University Of Texas-Arlington - 
            Mechanical Engineering
          
          
            GPA 3.87/4.0
            
            
          
          
          
            Graduate certificate in Automotive Engineering. Awards: A.E. Petche father and Son award for contribution in UTA Racing FSAE.
          
        
      
        
        
          
            
              2015
            
            Bachelor of Science:
            Mumbai University - 
            Automotive Engineering
          
          
            First Class
            
            
          
          
          
            
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Dissertation
      
        
        Dissertation: "Woods Tire Model"The purpose of this thesis is to develop a procedure and tools to produce a tire model that accurately represents a tire's behavior 
      
      
      
        
        Experience
      
        
        
          
            Chief Engineer
            
              07/2017 － 
              Current
            
          
          
            UTA Racing-FSAE
            
              Arlington, 
              TX
            
          
          
            Collaborated with system engineers to implement operating procedures and resolve system malfunctions.Led cross-functional project teams of 30 team members to achieve deadlines and accomplish targets.​Designed and Manufactured Rear Uprights weighing 0.9 lbs using Solidworks.Designed and Developed Unsprung Aero Package to improve aerodynamic and suspension characteristics of the overall car.Assisted in designing and analyzing suspension kinematics of FSAE car.Non-linear dynamic FEA of Impact attenuator.
          
        
      
        
        
          
            Chassis and Ergonomics Deputy Engineer
            
              08/2016 － 
              07/2017
            
          
          
            UTA Racing-FSAE
            
              Arlington, 
              TX
            
          
          
            Designed composite pedal box on Solidworks and analysed specific stiffness and ply schedule on Hyperworks.Assisted in F-17 chassis design and manufacturing with 10” wheels, higher Torsional Rigidity and lower weight targets .Assisted in designing an experiment for testing the torsional rigidity of Fsae chassis.Designed chassis in Solidworks & FEA for torsional rigidity, front impact & side impact in solidworks, Hypermesh & Ansys. Designed and manufactured chassis jig and suspension tabs within a 0.003” tolerance to reduce weight, cost and time.Designed and Manufactured the first ever Ergo Jig setup for UTA Racing and developed a cockpit mock up for better driver ergonomics. 
          
        
      
        
        
          
            Graduate Teaching And Research Assistant
            
              01/2017 － 
              Current
            
          
          
            The University of Texas at Arlington
            
              Arlington, 
              TX
            
          
          
            Served as a Project Monitor for 80 undergraduate students each year for Capstone Senior Design Project.  Challenged and motivated students through in-depth lectures and discussions. Established course websites to make updated handouts and other resources available to students at all times. S
          
        
      
        
        
          
            Engineering Intern
            
              04/2016 － 
              07/2016
            
          
          
            TAG Motors
            
              Pune, 
              India
            
          
          
            Designed and detailed mechanical parts and electronics assembly of a lightweight electric motorcycle using 3D CAD and FEA.Manufactured an ultralight spaceframe chassis using laser tube profiling and TIG welding.Designed a modular batterypack casing using solidworks.Maintained open and effective communications with project teams to increase productivity.
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Memberships
      
        
        SAE Membership to attend competitions like Formula Student Germany 2014,
Formula Design Challenge 2015 and Formula SAE Lincoln 2017 & 2018.IMeche: Institution of mechanical engineers for Formula Student UK 2018.
      
      
      
        
        Skills
      
        
        Softwares:Solidworks, Altair-Hyperworks, Catia V5, MSC-Adams, Optimum Tyre, slice3D, Matalab & Simulink.Technical drawings using Solidworks and Autocad using GD&T.Machining: 3 years of experience using Manual & CNC lathes and mills. Familiars with various rapid prototyping machines including Stratasys fortis-450, makerbot, polyprinter-229.Professional experience in diagnosis and troubleshooting automotive design and manufacturing issues.
      
      
      
        
        Projects
      
        
        F-18
Uprights (Fall-2107)

Designed and
Manufactured F-18 Suspension uprights weighing 0.9lbs achieving 50% weight
reduction over previous years's design.

Carried out
assembly simulations of the corner assembly to find stiffnes of the entire
corner assembly .Design and
Analysis of Unsprung Mounting System for F-18 Aerodynamics Package: Fall-2017 Objectivedevelop a mounting system that would enable to send all aero loads to the wheel with minimum interaction to chassis. Innovative implementation
of the system to minimize change in angle of attack of  the wings(less than 0.25 Deg) with motion of
the wheels.   Honeycomb Impact Attenuator: Spring-2017 Modeling and Analysis of aluminum Honeycomb Impact Attenuator Using Radioss on Hyperworks. Successfully simulated Front impact of an fsae racecar using non linear FEA. ​​Composite
Driveshaft concept: Summer-2017

Was able to achieve
composite driveshaft with same strength but 50% lighter.

Designed and
developed composite driveshaft for high specific strength and high endurance
limit.​F-17 Composites pedal box and wheel: Fall-2016Designed and
developed composite carbon fiber pedal box and 10in wheel for high specific
stiffness and minimum compliance.​​streamlined the manufacturing process which reduced the production time by 30%.
      
      
    