
      
        
        
          
          UI DEVELOPER
        
      
      
      
      
        
        Summary
      
        
        4 years of experience in web development using Web 2.0, jQuery, HTML, CSS and OO JavaScript.Strong knowledge in developing and designing web 2.0 and business application according to Information
architecture and Usability standards using OO JavaScript framework, Ajax, jQuery, Java, JSP, Servlets, XML,
DHTML, XHTML, CSS and MVC framework.
 Extensive knowledge in OO JavaScript design pattern and JavaScript and Ajax, JSON.
 Good understanding of Three column / Bootstrap Layout using CSS and XHTML and also experience of fixing
cross-browser and cross-platform issues.
 Experience in Web Application Development, Interface Web Design, Designing/developing Interfaces for
multiple browsers, Planning and Implementing Internet/Intranet project, working with the jQuery Library, web
technologies and integrated with JSP and jQuery.
 Expertise in all phases of the software development life cycle including requirements gathering, analysis, designing,
coding, testing, integration, and documentation.
 Excellent Knowledge of multi- tier Web Based application development.
 Expert in using JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) a lightweight data-interchange format to build collection of
name/value pairs and ordered list of values
 Extensive experience in testing including Accessibility, Usability and UI Regression testing. Strong project planning and very detail oriented.
 Excellent ability in communicating designs through scenarios, prototypes, and UI specs as well as Liaising with
Business Analysts, Designers, and Developers in order to create functional specifications.
 Highly motivated, dedicated, fast learner and has proven my abilities in my projects both as a team player and an
individual.
 Ability to excel at communicating with customers, teammates, and other internal organizations.
 Excellent working knowledge and thorough exposure on compatibility issues with different versions
browsers like Safari, Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox.  As a part of self learning have worked on couple of proof of concept in ReactJS,Babel,JavaScript Es6.Authorized to work in the US for any employer
      
      
      
        
        Experience
      
        
        
          
            UI Developer
            
              Nov 2015 to 
              Jun 2016
            
          
          
            Apple Inc － 
            Sunnyvale, 
            CA
          
          Developed responsive User Interface using JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5, CSS3
 Responsibilities included improving, implementing new features and maintaining existing application
 Developed HTML5 interfaces with an understanding of User Interface design principles and object-oriented
program development.Minified all CSS and JS to set desired compression level and customize compression option.Also used
HTML-CSS-JS prettify plugin for formatting.Implemented code to fetch data from web services using jQuery AJAX via JSON response and hence update the
web page.Implemented tabular data using jQuery plugin, jQgrid to load data and support features like sorting grid,
pagination, multi-select rows, tool-tip and format cells depending on requirement.Implemented directed graphs for data visualization using JavaScript library Dagre-d3 which provides actual
rendering using D3.js to help business measure current status of application.Also supported interactive features like
animations, scaling, events and transitions.Parsed data using JSON to demonstrate data using Dagre-d3.Solved the padding effect differences among the various browsers i.e browser's compatibility.Implemented JavaScript functionality for auto generation of initials during signature process in pdf document.Utilized jQuery library functions to increase the code re-usability and support standard coding practices.Extensively used jQuery UI widgets such as Accordion, Date-picker, Dialog and jQuery plugins like multi- select
drop-down, tokenize auto-complete plugin with functionality to enhance the look and feel of web page.Utilized CSS media queries to build responsive website optimized for IOS multiple devices.Used detailed wireframes and developed Mock-up designs as per the requirements of Business.Worked with the team of architects and back-end developers to gather requirements and enhance the application
functionality and add new featuresDeveloped cross-browser pages using CSS3, HTML5, JavaScript and jQuery.Worked on a Single Page Application that uses twitter Bootstrap and Backbone for front end, that connects to
internal and public Restful API's.The application used Backbone.js for routing, models and views.jQuery was used
for DOM manipulation and ajax requests.Built Templates with an assortment of JavaScript micro- templating tools
that include underscore.js, mustache.js and HandleBar.js.Installed and maintained packages and dependencies
using nodeJs npm.Utilized Backbone.Marionette to improve the application architecture as well as enhance the user interface.Implemented tabular data using Datatables integrated with Bootstrap 3.Utilized Grunt for build/deploy the application.Debugged the common code platform to remove bugs from several features of the code using Eclipse IDE , Safari
developer tool, Firebug, Chrome Developer tool.Worked in an Agile environment running morning scrums and bi-weekly sprint pattern
 Used gitlab and SVN for source version control.Environment and Technologies: JavaScript, Ajax, CSS, XHTML, HTML5, XML, CSS3, Java, JSP, JSP Tag Library, Servlet, Oracle, jQuery, JBoss, Ant, Eclipse, SVN, gitlab, Backbone.js, Grunt/Node.js, Bootstrap,nodeJs, npm package
        
      
        
        
          
            UI Developer Intern
            
              Mar 2015 to 
              Oct 2015
            
          
          
            Gigame － 
            Santa Clara, 
            CA
          
          Developed a site-wide web 2.0 migration service using Ajax framework using JQuery, JSP, MVC and HTML5 leveraging Bootstrap framework.Used Facebook SDK for JavaScript to implement client side functionality for adding social plugins, making API calls and implementing Facebook Login. Developed Ajax implementation for searching Candidates/ Jobs/ Companies for different search criteria.  Implemented autosuggest widget for different fields like location, job categories, skills etc. for user profile.  Developed HTML5 interfaces with an understanding of UI design principles and object-oriented program development. Implemented a HTML5 page to present the search box with JavaScript file to handle the AJAX functionality and a server-side JSP page and JavaScript MVC to return a new-line separated list of suggested searches.  Developed and migrated customer profile page to jQuery isotope plug-in with AJAX implementation, and extensively used jQuery Dom, traversing and selector API. Developed a box model for padding, margins or borders on the playing fields or the draggable elements will cause them not to stay fully in the playing field so that they will overlap the region by the width of the margin/padding/border. Debugged the common code platform to remove bugs from several features of the code using Eclipse IDE and Firebug Tool Developed UI library functions to increase the code reusability and support standard coding practices. Developed a Customer profile area auto scroll with the messages to increase the usability of the chat. Developed functionality for displaying values in tag style and implemented validations like null check for duplicate value check etc.Designed expanded rows that will wiped out and restored when the DataTable paginates or sorts, and to keep track of expanded rows and automatically restore them after each rendering of the DataTable.Implement tokeninput autocomplete plugin to make the integration and the data is saved on the database. Implemented the fancy box to Change the image of popup when link is clicked. Developed SQL statements to get fetch data and implemented pagination.Used standard coding practices to debug the code and provide a general object oriented solution to support all other features.Environment and Technologies: JavaScript, Ajax, CSS, XHTML, HTML5, Bootstrap, XML, CSS3, Java, JSP, JSP Tag Library, Servlet, Oracle, jQuery, Tomcat, Ant, Eclipse, SVN, Tomcat 
        
      
        
        
          
            Project Engineer
            
              Nov 2010 to 
              Current
            
          
          
            Wipro Technologies － 
            Bangalore, 
            India
          
          Created web pages for each project using XHTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Developed and implemented pure CSS-based page layouts.Identifying and solving cross-browser compatibility issues relating to XHTML and CSS. Creating new web pages from Photoshop mockups using CSS and XHTML. Worked on tools like Home site, Dream Weaver, Photoshop and Image Ready and also constructed and evaluated prototypes following standards.Worked with CSS Selectors, classes, ids, pseudo classes, Inheritance and cascade concepts, Box model with fixed width, fluid & elastic layouts Implemented User Interface using JSP and HTML, CSS.Used the Ajax technology for making asynchronous calls for the Action classes for validating the data for the Modify and Add functionality of the Application. Used Concurrent Version System for Version Control System.Constructed Web Wireframes and Mock-ups by designing and building interaction, determined screen layouts, style, and color palettes.Developed Complex database objects like Stored Procedures, Functions, Packages, and Triggers using SQL and PL/SQL Developed Java code for UI/Business validations for owned use cases. Involved in resolving production problems for the applications and Ensured all support service level agreements are met. Mentored junior engineers in the team and getting them productive quickly. Effectively made use of Tables, Indexes, Partitioning, Collections, Exception Handling, Constraints, Index, Views, Ref cursor					Environment and Technologies: JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, XML, HTML, CSS, Java, Tomcat, Ajax, JSP, XML.
        
      
      
      
        
        Education and Training
      
        
        
          
            Postgraduate Certificate in Software Engineering
University Of California Santa Cruz Extension Silicon Valley
            
            
              2015
            
          
          
            
            
            CA
            
          
          
          
        
      
        
        
          
            Bachelors, 
            Electrical and Electronics Engineering
            
              2010
            
          
          
            M.G. University Kerala
            
            
            
          
          
          Electrical and Electronics Engineering
        
      
      
      
        
        Other Achievements
      
        
        wipro spark award 	2011-07
 Awarded certificate for outstanding contribution, "Wipro Spark" in 2011 by Wipro Technologies as an appreciation
for hard work and dedication.
      
      
      
        
        Skills
      
        
        Operating System: Windows 98/2K/NT/XP, Unix, Mac OS X
Web Technologies: CSS/CSS3, HTML/HTML5, XML, XHTML, Responsive Design, JSON, JavaScript, JSP, Servlet,
AJAX, jQuery, JSON, JavaScript ES6,
Webpack
Framework: JQuery, Angular.js, React.js, Backbone.js
Built Tools Grunt, GitLanguages: C, C  , JAVA, PHP.
JAVA IDE's :Eclipse IDE, Spring Tool Suite IDE, Aptana IDE, Netbeans IDE
Web/App. Servers Apache Tomcat, Jboss Application Server
Database MySQL, DB2, Oracle7.x/8.x/9.x/10
Other Tools SQL, SQL PLUS, WAMP
Tools & Utilities: ANT, JUnit,
Version Mgmt. CVS , Subversion, gitlab
      
      
      
        
        Additional Information
      
        
        GitHub: https://github.com/taniatressa/Tania-Thomas-repository.git
      
      
    