
      
        
        
          
          RETAIL SALES STAFF
        
      
      
      
      
        
        Summary
      
        
        Motivated student pursuing Bachelor's Degree seeking entry-level sales position. Friendly, outgoing and
energetic team player with hard-working and driven nature. I love to work with people and I have a very
professional demeanor. I will not be late, I will work as needed. I have a lot of experience in the world of hiking, biking, running, and anything that gets me outdoors.
      
      
      
        
        Highlights
      
        
        
          
            
              Interpersonal abilitiesProfessional attitude and appearanceKnowledge and passion for outdoor gear and apparel
              Team playerSix months experience in retail​Proficient in maintaining an organized and clean workspace
            
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Experience
      
        
        
          
            Retail Sales Staff
            
              May 2017 to 
              Current
            
          
          
            Cabela's － 
            Gainesville, 
            VA
          
          My official position has been as a part time retail staff member working in the camouflage department, however I have been assisting in all aspects of the store. I help where needed, whether it may be in another department, at the registers, in the warehouse, performing maintenance for the store, or helping make sure a customer gets exactly what they need. I've gained a great deal of experience working proficiently in footwear, apparel, and hard lines.  
        
      
        
        
          
            Warehouse Personnel
            
              Mar 2016 to 
              Aug 2016
            
          
          
            Tri-County Feeds Fashions Finds － 
            The Plains, 
            VA
          
          This job entailed some warehouse work when needed, gathering inventory for customers.Most of the time, I
was working on the delivery truck, verifying customer orders and checking them to make sure that everything
was Just right.I gained a lot of experience dealing with customers in a friendly and professional manner.
        
      
        
        
          
            IT Technician
            
              May 2013 to 
              Current
            
          
          
            Merchant Software － 
            Marshall, 
            VA
          
          I would prepare computers for shipment to customers by assembling computers, installing software, and performing quality
assurance.
        
      
      
      
        
        Education
      
        
        
          
            High School Diploma
            
            
              2016
            
          
          
            Fauquier High School － 
            Warrenton, 
            VA
            
          
          
          
        
      
        
        
          
            NOLS Diploma
            
            
              2015
            
          
          
            National Outdoor Leadership School － 
            Lander, 
            WY
            
          
          
          This was a backpacking semester in Tanzania that included sections for culture and humanitarian aid.
Included college credits in communications, language studies, and much more. I learned a great deal about
leadership and working efficiently on a team.
        
      
      
      
        
        Skills
      
        
        Customer relations, delivery, inventory, order fulfillment leadership, multi-tasking, quality
assurance, IT troubleshooting and diagnostics, teamwork, maintenance of a professional workspace
      
      
      
        
        Interests
      
        
        Hiking/BackpackingCampingBikingMountaineeringFitness
      
      
    