
      
        
        
           TIER 3 FIELD SUPPORT ENGINEER
        
      
      
      
      
        
        Summary
      
        
        More than five years of experience providing quality control on networking equipment and hardware. More than a years experience as a field support engineer working directly with Cisco servers, routers, gateways, and internal network wiring. Provided network and proprietary equipment customer support for corporate Planet Fitness to help implement new network protocols across all 1,400 planet fitness locations. Nineteen years of military experience working on high tech weapon systems in high stress environments.
      
      
      
        
        Highlights
      
        
        
          
            
              Strong verbal communicationEffective team leaderProject analysisData collection and analysisVersatile skill setNetwork configuration and support 
              Customer service-focusedEffective at troubleshootingResourcefulInnovative thinkerWorks well in groups or individuallyExtremely organized 
            
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Experience
      
        
        
          
            Tier 3 Field Support Engineer
            
              07/2016 to 
              07/2017
            
          
          
            Radianse
            
              Rochester, 
              NH
            
          
          
            
    Worked as a field support engineer for Radianse supporting our proprietary hardware and software running real time location systems at Brigham Women's Hospitals, Mass General Hospitals and Planet Fitness.
    Provided daily and on call Tier 3 tech support for more than 200 Planet Fitness' running our amenity kiosk hardware/software.
    Installed and set up network equipment, security cameras, RFID tracking equipment, and other network equipment for Planet Fitness, BWH and MGH.
    Configured PCs tablets and proprietary wifi equipment to run proprietary software to meet customers needs.
    Use remote desktop software to provide fast and efficient customer support for employees and customers.
    Work with data base software to run queries to help provide customers with valuable data that saves them money. 
    Conduct lab configurations and equipment tests to verify equipment stability before implementation in the field. 
    Provide direct support with Planet Fitness corporate Network team to help them implement new club network set ups that provide the best network security and stability. 

          
        
      
        
        
          
            Technician
            
          
          
            University of New Hampshire InterOperability Labrator
            
              Durham, 
              NH
            
          
          
            Ethernets Auto-Negotiation ConsortiumWork daily on computers using a wide range of operating systems from Windows 2000-Windows 8, and Linux.Data base entry and management to track vendor products and test results.Provide conformance testing of networking devices according to the IEEE 802.3 standard for Cisco, Broadcom, HP, and Intel.Observe the behavior of devices while testing to provide vendor pre-production engineering teams accurate conformance results.Communicate with engineering teams from around working through language barriers and time zones to provide them timely feedback to get their product to production.
          
        
      
        
        
          
            Munitions Systems Craftsman (NCO)
            
              
              Current
            
          
          
            United States Air Force
            
              Hill Air Force Base, 
              UT
            
          
          
            19 years of experience working on high-tech weapon systems maintain their usability and providing in the field support for the manufacturers engineering teams .Provided monthly Power Point presentations showing work loads and results to command staff. Extensive experience working with weapons contractors to coordinate weapons upgrade programs, travel on site to implement weapons upgrades, and assist engineers with advanced weapons circuitry replacement and testing. Oversaw the expenditure of $32 million in annual operational funds. Managed receipt, storage and issue of ammunition processes for multiple Air Force bases. Coordinated training schedules and filed crucial administrative paperwork. Directly involved in numerous weapon system upgrade projects that saved the Air Force more than $10.5 billion during a 10 year period. 
          
        
      
        
        
          
            General Manager
            
          
          
            Tweeter Opco
            
              Manchester, 
              NH
            
          
          
            Managed one of Tweeter's top 10 national sales stores with a customer satisfaction rate of over 97%. Managed 4 separate departments, to include over 20 sales floor staff members, 14 home instillation members, 4 home delivery staff, and two regional warehouse staff members. Managed relations with other local business through the Manchester Chamber of Commerce, and attended numerous shared Chamber of Commerce events. 
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Education
      
        
        
          
            Bachelor of Arts: 
            Geography
            
              2015
            
          
          
            University of New Hampshire
            
              Durham , 
              NH, 
            Uninted States
            
          
          
          
            3.4 GPA within majorCoursework in Geographic Information Systems, Weather, Climatology, and Geography
          
        
      
        
        
          
            Associate of Applied Science: 
            Munitions Systems
            
              2006
            
          
          
            Community College of the Air Force
            
              Hill Air Force Base, 
              UT, 
            United States
            
          
          
            GPA: GPA: 0
          
          
            3.8 GPACoursework in Public speaking and Management
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Skills
      
        
        Experience working with remote desktop software like Tight VVNC, Teamviewer, Remote Desktop, and Chrome Remote Desktop.  GIS Software: ArcGIS Desktop, ArcGIS Collector App, Google Earth, SketchUp, and CAD.Windows proficient: Experience with navigating, upgrading, troubleshooting and debugging Windows and Windows Server (2008-2012).Desktop Software: Word, excel, PowerPoint, Access, and Outlook.Applying analytical processes to the planning, design, and implementation of new and improved information systems to meet the business requirements of customers.Extensive experience with electronic troubleshooting in person and over the phone. Experience with setting up and configuring Dell Sonic walls, Cisco access points, network switches and WiFi systems. 
      
      
    