
      
        
        
          
          INSTRUCTIONAL ASSISTANT
        
      
      
      
      
        
        Summary
      
        
        I am a
recent graduate of NAU. After school, I have been working as a teacher as my
other
passion is helping others
understand mathematics. While continuing to apply to apply for engineering
positions and keep my skills up with programming projects at home. My best qualities are my
desire to learn and my willingness to help my team. Seen when I jumped right into teaching after graduation and it has been a learning experience every day. I was also the team leader on my Senior Capstone project, doing many of the jobs no other member wanted to do. My best skills are
programming in C, C++, and VHDL.
      
      
      
        
        Accomplishments
      
        
        Capstone-Interactive Wi-Fi Mapping http://www.cefns.nau.edu/capstone/projects/EE/2015/WifiMapping/I worked in a team of three individuals. On this team, I was the team leader, website programmer, and treasurer. I mainly researched GPS and communication signals. We used Android programming to develop an application that tracked users and allowed them to communicate, within their group. At the end of the year, the team presented our final project to Cobham Aerospace.  ​Undergrad ResearchConstruction and programming of Quad-Helicopter I worked directly under an instructor at NAU. I had to conduct individual research on Python programming and helicopter construction. I researched the best way to communicate between the helicopter and a computer, finally settling on Bluetooth.  
      
      
      
        
        Skills
      
        
        Programmed and connected Computer together in VHDL ALU, Memory registers, controller  Counters, Case Statements, 7 segment displays, Multiplexers in VHDL Serial to Parallel converter in VHDLParallel to Serial converter in VHDLFPGA BoardsModel SimQuartusEclipse, PSpice, Mentor Graphic, Pyxis, Design Architect, Eldo
      
      
      
        
        Experience
      
        
        
          
            Instructional Assistant
            
              Sep 2016 to 
              Current
            
          
          
            Mesa Public Schools － 
            Mesa, 
            AZ
          
          Enforced both classroom and administration policies and rules at all times. Established positive relationships with students, parents, colleagues, and administrators. Kept accurate records of student performance, maintaining the confidentiality of student records and information at all times. Taught more than 60 students each semester. 
        
      
        
        
          
            Substitute Teacher
            
              Feb 2016 to 
              Aug 2016
            
          
          
            Clark County School District － 
            Las Vegas, 
            NV
          
          Filled in for absent teachers for grades 4-12. Quickly adapted to new environments and students. Created detailed substitute teaching report at the end of each day. Monitored students for destructive or unhealthy behavior and reported concerns to guidance counselors.
        
      
        
        
          
            Grader/Teaching Assistant
            
              Aug 2013 to 
              Dec 2015
            
          
          
            Northern Arizona University － 
            Flagstaff, 
            AZ
          
          Graded papers for students in Freshman, Sophomore, and Junior level classes. Assisted engineering students in comprehension of the course material. i.e. basic circuits, digital logic, and programming. Demonstrated knowledge of digital logic, computer languages, basic computer logic, and proper application.Hired back for 4 additional semesters.
        
      
        
        
          
            Desk Assistant
            
              Feb 2012 to 
              Dec 2015
            
          
          
            Northern Arizona University － 
            Flagstaff, 
            AZ
          
          Executed a variety of office management skills. Maintained department website, including changes to degree programs or personnel information. Communicated with customers, employees, and other individuals to answer questions or explain information, and address complaints.
        
      
      
      
        
        Education
      
        
        
          
            Bachelor of Science, 
            Electrical Engineering
            
              2015
            
          
          
            Northern Arizona University － 
            Flagstaff, 
            Arizona
            
          
          
          GPA 2.96Minor in MathematicsMember of IEEE
        
      
      
      
        
        Relevant Classes
      
        
        EE 412 Digital Systems Design\VHDLEE 386C Capstone 2 EE 484 Power Electronics MAT 362 Numerical AnalysisEE 476C Capstone 1EE 485 Undergraduate Research EE 325 Engineering Analysis II EE 310 Fundamentals of Computer Engineering\VHDL MAT 316 Linear Algebra MAT 239 Differential Equations EE 222 Intermediate Programming\C EGR 386W Engineering Design: The MethodCENE 225 Engineering Analysis I
      
      
    