
 IOT FULL STACK DEVELOPER
 PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
 Software Developer with over 6 years of extensive experience
in Java/J2EE development technologies and with 2 years of  experience of IOT end to end solution. Hand on experience with Android application development. Solid
knowledge of microcontroller, big data and cloud technology. Detail
Oriented, Dedicated and Dependable team player who has strong analytical,
organizational, problem solving, presentation, communication and project
management skills, with ability to manage multiple
tasks and work in a fast paced
and aggressive schedule.   
 SPECIFIC EXPERTISE
 






Overall 6 years of extensive experience in Java/J2EE development
technologies, with solid experience of Object Oriented Analysis(OOA),
Design(OOD) and Programming(OOP).
















Strong hands on experience in programming with J2EE and associated
technologies including Servlets, JSP, JDBC, Struts, JMS, Spring, Hibernate and
SOAP Web Services.Strong experience in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle(SDLC).
















2 years experiences of end to end solutions for Internet of
Things(IOT) including software and hardware.Strong experience with implementing Web Services both SOAP and RESTful in Web Applications using RESTful API.Good Experience with J2EE environment extensively in Model View Controller (MVC) architecture for development using Struts and Spring.
















Good understanding in designing Front End using HTML5, CSS3,
Node Js, JavaScript, JSP, J Query.


















Strong experience in SQL to write Stored
Procedures, Functions, Triggers, Views and strong experience in RDBMS using SQL
Server and My-SQL.


















Hands on experiences in Mobile development with
Android/Java, using Android Studio and Eclipse IDE.Good experience with Configuring and using MQTT broker to send commands and receive events from devices. Hands on experiences in Computer Vision, Object detection and Recognition using OpenCV. Good experience in Real Time Rendering using OpenGL.
















Strong experience in software development with Python using
PyCharm.
















Solid knowledge in microcontroller and RTOS such as Arduino,
OpenWrt and RTLinux.


















Good knowledge on Bid Data Ecosystem of Hadoop and MapReduce.
















Good experience on NoSQL database such as MongoDB.Good analytical, problem solving, debugging, documentation and communication skills. 
 TECHNICAL EXPERTISE
 







 Programming
 Language:Java, python, C++, HTML, JavaScript, CSS
 Java
 Related: J2EE, Servlet,
 JSP,JDBC,JMS
 Web Service
 Related: Spring, Hibernate, SOAP, TomCat
 Mobile
 Related: Android, Android Studio
 RDBMS:  MySQL, SQL
 Server, Orable databaseOS:  Windows,
 Linux, Mac IDE: Eclipse,
 Netbeans, Android Studio, X-code, PyCharmNDBMS: NoSQL MangoDB
 Wireless
 Protocol: ZigBee,
 MQTT, Bluetooth
 Networking: TCP/IP, UDP
 Big Data
 Related
 Hadoop,
 Mapreduce
 Testing Tools: ReadyAPI
 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
 IoT Full Stack Developer
 09/2014 to 06/2016
 EPRI
 Palo Alto, CA
 Project Description: The movement to create a smarter and
more efficient home increases daily, accelerated by
the smartphones and tablets interacting with the myriad of connected home appliance.
This project offers client end to end solution including hardware and software.













Responsibilities:    Hardware design( microcontroller,
sensors, circuit, gateway) for the need of client.Test the individual I/O devices
in smart home system. Use Openwrt, MQTT and GSM to
transfer the data with appliance and gateway. Build RDBMS database system
with SQL and MySQL.Build NDBMS database system
with NoSQL and MongoDB.  Develop website smart home applicant
system with HTML, JavaScript, CSS.

l Develop Android application of
the system which allow users control the system from a remote place. Based on client feedback,
maintenance the hardware and software system.  Technologies : Embedded C, Arduino , GSM Modem: SIM900 -
Quad-band and UART, HTML,javaScript, CSS , Java, SQL, MySql and MongoDB,
MQTT, OpenWrt, Eclipse IDE, Android Studio, Arduino IDE.​
 Android Developer
 08/2013 to 08/2014
 Nationwide
 Columbus, OH
 Project Description: Nationwide Insurance
Android application helps you pay your bill on time and get your insurance card
information. Users can also start a claim and find contact info for agent with the app. 












Responsibilities:     
















Implement complex custom
layout design for the application. 

Implement friendly User
Interface for different function of the application.
Implement application to handle orientations and support different screen
sizes. 
Handle web services consumption for fetching content from the Weblogic Server. 
Integrated Google Map-kit for showing the office locations. 

Test logic function of
the buttons for application.

Performed debugging
with Android Debug Bridge (ADB)
and Logcat for fixing bugs.
















Technologies: Java, JDBC, SQL, Oracle Database, XML, Android Studio, ADB, Logcat, Eclipse
IDE, Android Studio.​
 Software Developer
 06/2012 to 05/2013
 CVG
 Columbus, OH
 Project Description: It will be safer and easier if vehicle
can detect the object and warn the driver. This project focus on vehicle and
object detectionand recover real time images. Responsibilities:
















Collect data and
categorization for efficient training of classifier system.

Implement object detection and recognition
using cascade classifiers and feature detectors.Test system with
noise and other image of similar shape as trained object. Design algorithms and
developed programs to do multiple objects tracking.

Analysis the matching rate
and modify the algorithm.

Create 3D demo of object
and environment using OpenGL and recover the real time image.
















Technologies: OpenCV, OpenGL, C++, Image processing, XML,
GLSL, ply model, X-code.
 ​​​
 Java Developer
 09/2010 to 05/2012
 Abercrombie & Fitch
 Columbus, OH
 Project Description:working
on range of projects at Incite that included developing, testing and
maintaining front end and back end functionalities of web sites for various
purpose.Responsibilities:Developed robust and high availability web applications.Built the home page,
registration form, contact page for the website.Involved in development work in core Java and
JSP/Servlets.Used jQuery and JavaScript to build dynamic web pages.Responsible for deploying web applications in production.Created the Database Layer using JDBC to connect to MySQL database.Technologies:
Java/J2EE, JDBC, Servlet, HTML, CSS,
JavaScript, JSP, jQuery, MySQL, MySQL Workbench, Eclipse.
 