
      
        
        
           SOLUTION ARCHITECT
        
      
      
      
      
        
        Summary
      
        
        Results-oriented Solution Architect comfortable switching between architecture, design and implementation disciplines. Comfortable talking high level concepts as well as the minute details of solution implementation.
      
      
      
        
        Highlights
      
        
        
          
            
              Solves the core problemTranslates business needsAnalyzes the core questionsConceptualizes the solutionClearly communicates
              Models the solutionFormalize a planCommunicates clearlyCreates solutions that workFacilitate professional growth
            
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Accomplishments
      
        
        Nominated for Tom McDonald Award for Outstanding Innovation.Led effort to design and implement multi-factor authentication at DST.Responsible for architectural direction for applications that generate $50 million annually. 
      
      
      
        
        Experience
      
        
        
          
            Solution Architect
            
              05/2008 to 
              Current
            
          
          
            DST
            
              Kansas City, 
              Missouri
            
          
          
            Lead architect for application suite that generates $50 million annually. Solution architect assigned to high visibility security project.Led issue resolution discussions with 3rd party vendors.Communicates frequently with client and project stakeholders.Engages with development lead and application analyst progress.Develops proof of concept examples for development teams.Engages with application teams for feedback on the lessons learned.Implemented first Blue / Green production environment to improve deployment / testing time. Led organizational effort to modernize code migration strategy.Led effort to replace "in house" batch system with Spring Batch solution.
          
        
      
        
        
          
            Software Engineer II
            
              02/2005 to 
              05/2008
            
          
          
            Embarq
            
              Overland Park, 
              Kansas
            
          
          
            Lead engineer and supervisor of development team.Interacted with senior management about objectives and goals.Responsible for grooming business requirement into functional requirements.Defined test cases to evaluate business functionality.Collaborated with quality team to build testing scenarios.Provided professional development feedback to team members.
          
        
      
        
        
          
            IT Architect/Specialist
            
              06/2003 to 
              02/2005
            
          
          
            IBM
            
              Lenexa, 
              Kansas
            
          
          
            Developed new application enhancement requests.Communicated with client about upcoming projects.Oversaw construction of new business functionality.Reviewed and prioritized enhancement requests.Designed and implemented enhancements to the application.Constructed business product documentation.
          
        
      
        
        
          
            Software Engineer
            
              01/1998 to 
              06/2003
            
          
          
            Sprint
            
              Overland Park, 
              Kansas
            
          
          
            Interacted with application stakeholders to define business requirements. Responsible for designing, constructing and testing application updates.Engaged with lead engineer on status of current tasks.Developed project documentation.
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Education
      
        
        
          
            
            Computer Management Systems
            
          
          
            Northwest Missouri State University
            
              Maryville, 
              MO
            
            
          
          
          
            Computer Management Systems
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Skills
      
        
        Languages: Java, C/C, PERL, AWK/KORN Shell, COBOL and PHPTools: Spring Tool Suite, Maven, GIT, Enterprise Architect, and VisioDatabase: Oracle and DB2
      
      
    