
 software engineer
 summary
 software engineer with a focus on writing highly maintainable, robust, object oriented code. diverse experience of languages with majority c++ background. 
 skills
 languages: c++, c#, java, php (zend), javascript, perl, sql operating systems (developed on): linux, unix, windowsconcepts: oo, ipc (threads, locking mechanisms, shared memory, message queues), databases, osi model, tcp, uml, xml, serialization, com, stl
 certifications
 secret clearance security+ certification, 10/12  
 experience
 august 2004
 to current
 lockheed martin - thaad - systems integration lab
 sunnyvale, ca
 software engineer
 designed and developed the majority of the software used to visualize the thaad missile interception system in real time for the purposes of analysis and demonstration to interested customers, including u.s. and foreign government dignitaries. wrote 7 applications for linux and windows platforms to collect real time thaad message data over ip, parse it, and turn it into a visual and interactive experiencein addition to being used for demonstrations, served as an analysis tool for engineers performing testing of the thaad systemnotable applications (as main developer):msgforwarder (c++, linux): responsible for capturing and parsing all of the thaad ip data. capable of parsing over 1,000 tcp/ip packets per second according to tcp, ip, and application level protocols. re-forms them into their original messages, which can be sent to interested parties. dvrtfilewriter (c++, linux): multi-threaded application receives messages from msgforwarder and other data sources, parses them, and puts them into shared memory database. eventnotify (c++, linux): reads messages from shared memory database and uses them to extract relevant data and form human readable strings of important events, which get sent to interested parties.lmanimator (c#, windows): receives real time data on udp and tcp sockets to create an interactive display of the thaad weapons system using a satellite toolkit activex object embedded into a windows form. can display hundreds of stk objects in real time, and is user interactive, thus making thread synchronization critical.skills used: c++, stl, c#, java, perl, xml, uml, ipc (threads, locking mechanisms, shared memory, message queues), databases, osi model, tcp, serialization, com, unit testing april 2002
 to august 2004
 lockheed martin - thaad - system test and evaluation
 sunnyvale, ca
 software engineer
 worked on a small team to develop the launch and test support software (visual c++, windows), which is used to test communication between the 4 tactical components of the thaad system: launcher, missile, radar, and battle manager. this software served as a "launcher simulator" for multiple flight tests, performing the software used to launch the thaad missile. designed, coded, unit tested, and wrote documentation for the software products.skills: visual c++, uml, unit testing, software process, use of apis to interact with hardware, ipc july 2001
 to march 2002
 lockheed martin - npoess
 sunnyvale, ca
 software engineer
 developed various analysis scripts and applications for a weather satellite proposal. 
 education
 2001
 university of virginia
 charlottesville, va
 bachelor of science: computer science
 gpa: 3.562, class rank: 140/744 
 personal projects
 web mash-up of google maps, wikipedia, google imagesweb survey application: zend phpweb application to organize household objects
 