
      
        
        
           CUSTOMER SERVICES
        
        
        
      
      
      
      
        
        Summary
      
        
        Processes and results oriented professional with over 13 years of experience in organizations operating within
complex environments. Proven experience on managing internal and external stakeholders involved in projects
and operational work activities, highly skilled on negotiation and conflicts resolution. Capability to complete
activities related to collection of data, processing of information and reporting. 
      
      
      
        
        Skills
      
        
        
          
            
              ProactiveTeam ManagementRisk ManagementProficiency in MS Office. CollaborativeAble to self-prioritize tasks Works under general direction Languages: English – Spanish. 
              Data center environmentAnalyticsDesign and developmentSoftware development lifecycleTools customizationConfiguration managementWeb applicationsTeam leadershipSystem administrationUsage scenariosMilestone assessment and achievement 
            
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Experience
      
        
        
          
            Customer Services
            
              January 2017
              
            
          
          
            Think Pink Bows － 
            Saratoga Springs, 
            Utah
          
          
            Recommended and helped customers select merchandise based on their needs.Exchanged returned merchandise for customers quickly and efficiently.Described use and operation of merchandise to customers. Received and processed cash and credit payments for in-store purchases. Placed special merchandise orders for customers. Worked as a team member to provide the highest level of service to customers. Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions. Confirmed that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems. Exercises sound judgment in issuing credits and making exceptions to customer policies to maintain high levels of customer satisfaction. Informed customers about sales and promotions in a friendly and engaging manner. Processed up to 300 customer orders per day. Managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and efficiently. 
          
        
      
        
        
          
            Analytical Specialist
            
              August 2008 to 
              February 2016
            
          
          
            BOD － 
            Maracaibo, 
            Zulia
          
          
             Collaborated with team members to create and integrate high availability solutions for mission-critical applications. Took on the role of point-of-contact for project management staff. Oversaw all testing and troubleshooting techniques and documented issue resolutions in the system. Created and implemented tracking software with modules for inventory monitoring, staff administration, customer relationship management and report generation. Assisted customers in resolving issues in the most effective manner.Verify the infrastructure of Intel environments and directories. Installation of Passes of Production of the Intel Platform (Ultimus, Fide and other app)Include, Modify and Delete the scheduled of job in the Schedule Robot. Configure the Reports in the Robot Report Tool for the distribution from AS400.Configure the Data Transfers file from AS400 to INTEL.Recover reports deleted in the IBS.Restorations on the data servers of the Intel Platform. Participate and execute the Integrity Tests in the Distributed Platform.Perform support in production pass certifications that merit Stress Testing and / or Closing Simulation.Collected and analyzed data to evaluate operational issues and make process improvement recommendations.Trained and explained complex processes to end users in a clear and concise manner.Compiled and presented reports on findings to senior management teams. Verify the infrastructure of Intel environments and directoriesVerify the infrastructure of Intel environments and directoriesVerify the infrastructure of Intel environments and directoriesVerify the infrastructure of Intel environments and directoriesInclude, Modify and / or Delete the Scheduled jobs in the Schedule Robot.
          
        
      
        
        
          
            Webmaster
            
              June 2007 to 
              July 2008
            
          
          
            Diario La Verdad － 
            Maracaibo, 
            Zulia
          
          
            Cooperated with other project partners to create application's system analysis based on client specifications. Oversaw all testing and troubleshooting techniques and documented issue resolutions in the system. Created and implemented tracking software with modules for inventory monitoring, staff administration, customer relationship management and report generation. Devised test cases ensuring that the application could be tested in a legitimate environment. Created a dynamic team of software engineers that became experts in their field and boosted the overall success of the organization. Compiled statistical information for special reports.Assisted customers in resolving issues in the most effective mannerDeveloped and created a more effective filing system to accelerate paperwork processing.
          
        
      
        
        
          
            Developer Consultant
            
              October 2004 to 
              April 2007
            
          
          
            Megagroup C.A － 
            Maracaibo, 
            Zulia
          
          
            Analyzed customer and stakeholder needs, generated requirements, perform functional analyses and implemented Requirements Management Plans. Defined technical integration strategy and developed Integration plans. Maintained security, backup, and redundancy strategies. Assisted with designing information and operational support systems. Developed and implemented Risk and Opportunity Management Plans. Collected, analyzed, and reported program metrics, including product technical performance measures and key performance parameters. Updated and managed existing website properties for Diario La Verdad company. Presented pros and cons of various design approaches to design teams and management. Created clear icons, messaging, buttons and other UI elements for smartphones, tablets and web applications. Considered localization, escalability and ease of maintenance in all solutions. Worked closely with product managers, visual designers and development team to appropriately evolve designs from concept to launch. Revised user flows and designs based on design reviews, usability testing, A/B testing and other analytics, customer support feedback and other sources of input.Streamlined and optimized monthly reports by converting from Access to SQL and writing Crystal Reports, significantly reducing lead-time and increasing data integrity in the AS400.Worked closely with several cross-functional teams including business solution architects, customer operations, support and training teams and engineering to maximize product efficacy. 3 years experience in the maintenance and troubleshooting of complex infrastructure. Developed and maintained company style guide(Banco Provincial, Banesco). 
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Education
      
        
        
          
            Informatics Engineering
             : 
            
            2004
          
          
            University  Rafael Belloso Chacin
             － 
            Maracaibo, 
            Zulia, 
            Venezuela
          
          
          
            
          
        
      
        
        
          
            High School Diploma
             : 
            Science, 
            1999
          
          
            U.E.P. Juan Bosco
             － 
            Ciudad Ojeda, 
            Zulia, 
            Venezuela
          
          
          
            
          
        
      
        
        
          
            metodología de optimización de procesos. 
*Formalización y optimización de procesos de todas las áreas funcionales de la organización.
*Diagnóstico de situación actual y levantamiento de información.
*Detección de necesidades de mejora en los procesos de
             : 
            
            1982
          
          
          
          
            la organización, identificando los actores del negocio, inputs y outputs. Elaboración de un plan de optimización de procesos, con indicadores de gestión asociados para la medición del progreso. Desarrollar capacidades en las áreas dueñas de procesos, a fin de garantizar que la gestión de la calidad y mejora continua forme parte de la cultura de la empresa. Gestión y planificación de procesos que deben ser ejecutados en ambientes de Producción en plataformas como IBM iSeries e Intel. DATOS PERSONALES: Cedula de Identidad:     15.808.419 Lugar de Nacimiento:    Ciudad Ojeda,Zulia Fecha de Nacimiento:    14 de Julio de Estado Civil: 		  Casada Nacionalidad:          Venezolana. 
          
        
      
      
      
        
        Technical Skills
      
        
        Windows (98, 2000,XP, WINDOWS VISTA, SERVER 2008, WINDOWS 7)Desktop Publishing Software: Photoshop, Illustrator, HTML, Microsoft Office SuiteVisual Basic.net, html, SQL, asp, ASP.NET, Crystal Report, Java Microsoft SQL Server 2005, MYSQL 5.5.29,  Adobe PhotoshopSales Software: Dalai Comercial, Saint Enterprise(SQL), EMC Documentum 5.2.5, 5.3, Profit Plus, A2 Softway, Application Xtender
      
      
      
        
        Certifications
      
        
        English Level I y II Centro de Idiomas, Ciudad Ojeda, Year 1998English  Koes Of Venezuela Level 7Object-oriented programming(Visual Basic).CEDIC Year 2004Object-oriented programming (Visual Basic Level II).CEDIC, Year 2004Documentum WDK, DFC, Eroom (Maracaibo, Venezuela 2006)Documentum Web Publisher, BPM (Maracaibo, Venezuela 2006)Documentum Technical Fundamentals, System Administration (Maracaibo, Venezuela 2006)Dalai Comercial v 1.04.Dalai (Maracaibo, Venezuela - 2005)Web Technologies PHP y MySql (Maracaibo, Venezuela - 2008)Help System (Robot Schedule, Robot Alert, Enterprise Manager(Maracaibo, Venezuela 2013)Team Concert y Object Control (Maracaibo, Venezuela2013)Bankbu Open Card (Maracaibo, Venezuela 2014)
      
      
    